# -*- compile-command: "killall -USR2 openbox" -*-

# no padding between client and border
window.client.padding.width: 0

# title bar vertical padding
padding.height: 1

# desktop switcher padding
padding.width: 50

# no bottom handler
window.handle.width: 0

# centerd window title
window.label.text.justify: Center

# window border
window.active.border.color:   #444444
window.inactive.border.color: #222222

# window title colors
window.active.label.text.color:   #ff6000
window.inactive.label.text.color: #222222

# client color
window.active.client.color: #444444
window.inactive.client.color: #222222

# menu border color
menu.border.color: #444444

# only solid color menus
menu.*.bg: solid flat

# menu title style
menu.title.text.color:   #ff6000
menu.title.text.justify: Center

# menu item style
menu.items.bg.color:   #000000
menu.items.text.color: #aaaaaa

# menu active item style
menu.items.active.bg.color: #ff6000

# menu disabled item style
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #222222

# menu separator style
menu.separator.padding.width:  0
menu.separator.padding.height: 0
menu.separator.color:          #444444

# dialog labels
osd.label.text.color: #aaaaaa

# dialog buttons style
window.active.button.*.image.color: #ff6000

# desktop switcher style
osd.border.color:       #444444
osd.*.bg:               solid flat
osd.hilight.bg.color:   #ff6000
osd.unhilight.bg.color: #000000
